So in the next three videos I'm going to show you one modification you Cynthia says grand you in the
template.
And the last one is going to be using books so you can see the difference motiveless in and the limits
of each one.
So for example I have these images and I want to I've asked you if dig into these images.
So first I'm going to Right-Click in the big the Elliman and you can click on these.
I can the first one and click right here in the match so you on the right you can see that we have selected.
So what I'm going to copy these AM Basie's into or just dodge so fearless I went I wept.
And then when I feel this when gonna have a great escape and I'm going out 100 percent then.
And when I feel that and it's going to be the same is going to be grayscale that's all 100 percent then
I'm going to copy and paste right here.
And I'm going get it right here.
So it is going to be when I put the mouse about the much when I add the mouse into the match.
So this is going to be the Harbor event we have Colver in we're going to change the greyscale from 100
percent to zero.
Save these and reload and you can see that we have the grayscale at 100 percent.
If I covered you can see we have these with zero percent.
So this is a nice effect that you can achieve with some CSSA you can see that we are not in the order
there or anything.
And this is good and this is a good example where you can use Jasus to change color or sizes and margins
and everything in your design.
So let's add another one great here I'm going out.
That's form.
And I'm going up rotate.
And you can pass a number of degrees and then at seven.
Well the A-G degree degrees and then I copy these and I'm going to add some prefixes you can see you
here the web kid web kid is for Chrome but not other ones.
Emir's for Microsoft's Internet Explorer edge and then I'm going out with colossal sun and at 71 degrees.
So you can say these adult you can see the maturity or rotate it rotated and then when I got these and
I'm going to add these two to the hardware Angwin we are in not a model.
It's going to be Cyril so low.
And when they come out you can see it rotates in that so applies a different color Well you can see
this looks a little weird right.
You can see that we don't have any more transition so we can add something like Nancy shoon all that
five seconds is so say these hand reload and I can see that we have a nice animation you.
So this is where CSX is really handy.
So let's have one final transmission right here and then open my 84 and race and I'm going to transform.
And in this case I'm going to use this.
One buoying one is going to scale in 10 percent you can see how wonderkid and 1.1 This is the X and
this is on the Y.
So Rouleau.
And when I quote You can see the much bigger if you want to apply it rotate.
In this case you can cut these in and page right here.
And remove these.
So we only have one transformer you can see what a brilliant rotate in this game.
So save these and reload again.
And you can see up there.
And he says scaling.
So this is where CSSA is really handy if you want apply these kind of transition transforms animations
change color.
The special effects.
This is where this is going to be really helpful for you.